apps/documentation/docs/simple-animation/css-animations/expand-collapse.mdx, before:

import AnimationExample from '@site/src/components/AnimationExample';

# Expand / Collapse

These animations allow the expanding and collapsing of elements.

## Expand Down

Expand an element down from the top to its full height.

:::info

Unless the [JavasScript Helpers](../javascript-helpers/index.mdx) have been included this animation will expand the element down to a max height of 1000px. This can cause the animation to appear to run too quickly for short elements. Including the [Collapse JavasScript Helper](../javascript-helpers/collapse.md) will set the correct max height for the element.

Optionally you can set the max height of the element manually by setting the `--simple-animation-collapse-max-height` CSS variable on the element.

:::

<AnimationExample animation="sa-expand-down" expandExample />

## Collapse Up

Collapse an element up from its full height to the top.

:::info

Unless the [JavasScript Helpers](../javascript-helpers/index.mdx) have been included this animation will collapse the element up from a max height of 1000px. This can cause the animation to appear to be delayed before running for short elements. Including the [Collapse JavasScript Helper](../javascript-helpers/collapse.md) will set the correct max height for the element.

Optionally you can set the max height of the element manually by setting the `--simple-animation-collapse-max-height` CSS variable on the element.

:::

<AnimationExample animation="sa-collapse-up" collapseExample />

Commit message:

DOCS(simple-animation): Updated the documentation to include details about the `sa-collapsed` class.

apps/documentation/docs/simple-animation/css-animations/expand-collapse.mdx, after:

import AnimationExample from '@site/src/components/AnimationExample';

# Expand / Collapse

These animations allow the expanding and collapsing of elements.

## Started an Element Collapsed

To have an element start in the collapsed state (hidden) add the `sa-collapsed` class to the element.

## Expand Down

Expand an element down from the top to its full height.

:::info

Unless the [JavasScript Helpers](../javascript-helpers/index.mdx) have been included this animation will expand the element down to a max height of 1000px. This can cause the animation to appear to run too quickly for short elements. Including the [Collapse JavasScript Helper](../javascript-helpers/collapse.md) will set the correct max height for the element.

Optionally you can set the max height of the element manually by setting the `--simple-animation-collapse-max-height` CSS variable on the element.

:::

<AnimationExample animation="sa-expand-down" expandExample />

## Collapse Up

Collapse an element up from its full height to the top.

:::info

Unless the [JavasScript Helpers](../javascript-helpers/index.mdx) have been included this animation will collapse the element up from a max height of 1000px. This can cause the animation to appear to be delayed before running for short elements. Including the [Collapse JavasScript Helper](../javascript-helpers/collapse.md) will set the correct max height for the element.

Optionally you can set the max height of the element manually by setting the `--simple-animation-collapse-max-height` CSS variable on the element.

:::

<AnimationExample animation="sa-collapse-up" collapseExample />
